Check the workflow trigger and default-branch scheduling conditions
The workflow file can be present and manually runnable, but scheduled runs are only created when the schedule trigger is valid and the workflow exists on the default branch.

Based on what you shared, GitHub is accepting the workflow itself because workflow_dispatch ran successfully, so the most likely issue is with the scheduled trigger conditions rather than Actions being disabled.

What to verify:

Confirm the workflow includes an on.schedule block

Scheduled runs are only created for workflows that explicitly use the schedule event. A valid example from the docs is:

on:
  schedule:
    - cron: "15 4,5 * * *"
Your workflow should have the cron expression under on.schedule, not only elsewhere in the file.

Make sure the workflow file exists on the default branch

GitHub only creates scheduled workflow runs if the workflow file exists on the repository's default branch, and scheduled workflows only run on the default branch. This is called out in Events that trigger workflows(opens in a new tab).

Since you mentioned main, verify that main is still the repository's default branch and that .github/workflows/social-automation.yml is present there.

Check whether the repository has been inactive

In a public repository, scheduled workflows are automatically disabled when there has been no repository activity for 60 days. This is also documented in Events that trigger workflows(opens in a new tab).

If that applies, re-enable the workflow, then watch for the next scheduled window.

Don’t rely on exact timing at high-load minutes

GitHub notes that schedule events can be delayed during periods of high load, especially around the start of the hour, and some queued jobs may be dropped. Your current cron runs very frequently, so delays are possible. The docs recommend scheduling at a different time of the hour to reduce the chance of delay.

Source: Events that trigger workflows(opens in a new tab).

Verify the workflow is still in an active state

You can check the workflow state with the REST API. The workflow state values include active, disabled_inactivity, and disabled_manually in REST API endpoints for workflows(opens in a new tab).

Relevant endpoints from the docs:

curl -L \
  -X GET \
  https://api.github.com/repos/OWNER/REPO/actions/workflows
or for the specific workflow:

curl -L \
  -X GET \
  https://api.github.com/repos/OWNER/REPO/actions/workflows/WORKFLOW_ID
What this suggests in your case:

Because workflow_dispatch succeeded, GitHub Actions is enabled and the workflow is syntactically usable.
If there are truly zero schedule runs, the strongest documented causes are:
the workflow file is not on the default branch
the workflow is in an inactive or disabled state
the repository is a public repo whose scheduled workflows were disabled after 60 days of inactivity
scheduled runs are being affected by load, though that usually causes delays rather than no runs at all
If all of those checks are already satisfied and the workflow still never receives a schedule event, that needs a support-side review. In that case, continue to create a ticket from this page and include the successful manual run URL plus the workflow path .github/workflows/social-automation.yml on main, since that helps isolate the issue to scheduled event creation rather than workflow execution.